ldaparray\[0\] ldaplist\[0\] ldapvalue\[0\]

``` {.cfengine3 tangle="ldap_functions.cf"}
bundle agent __main__
{
  vars:
      # Get all matching values for "uid" - should be a single record match

      "list" slist =>  ldaplist(
                                 "ldap://ldap.forumsys.com",
                                 "cn=read-only-admin,dc=example,dc=com",
                                 "(sn=User)",
                                 "uid",
                                 "subtree",
                                 "none"
      );
}
```

# [Online LDAP Test Server - Forum Systems](https://www.forumsys.com/2022/05/10/online-ldap-test-server/) [[website]{.smallcaps}]{.tag tag-name="website"} {#online-ldap-test-server---forum-systems}

\[2022-10-17 Mon 19:18\]

## Article

Here are the credentials for an Online LDAP Test Server that you can use
for testing your applications that require LDAP-based authentication.
 Our goal is to eliminate the need for you to download, install and
configure an LDAP sever for testing. If all you need is to test
connectivity and authentication against a few identities, you have come
to the right place.  If you find this useful or would like us to
enhance/modify this test LDAP server, please leave a comment.

LDAP Server Information (read-only access):

Smart Analytics Software Used in the Casino:
<https://casinosworld.ca/instant-withdrawal-casino/> . If you have never
considered how Smart Analytics software could help your casino, now is
the time. This software helps you to collect data on your visitors. With
this data, you can better understand their behaviors and patterns. For
example, you can know when they\'re more likely to play and increase
customer retention. It\'s a win-win situation for both you and your
customers. With this software, you can start analyzing your visitors\'
habits and improve your overall customer service. Data from the casino
can help casinos understand what their customers like and dislike. It
can also help them make more profitable decisions. This is because smart
analytics can provide detailed statistics and recommendations based on
the behavior of players. These insights can be used to make games that
will attract and retain customers. Online casinos are already using
these techniques to improve the user experience. It can help you better
predict what players are going to want and do to get the best results.
Casinos have been automating the process of identifying customer
profiles. Smart data platforms can collect data on a guest\'s income,
hobbies, active memberships, and education. This data helps you improve
the quality of their experience. Using this information, you can create
a personalized plan to meet these unique needs. The casino can also use
this data to inform guests about new games and attractions. And since
smart analytics can be used for marketing purposes, you can ensure that
all of the onsite amenities are accessible and convenient.

Server: *ldap.forumsys.com  * Port: *389* Bind DN: 
*cn=read-only-admin,dc=example,dc=com* Bind Password: *password* All
user passwords are *password*. You may also bind to individual Users
(uid) or the two Groups (ou) that include:
*ou=mathematicians,dc=example,dc=com*

- *riemann*
- *gauss*
- *euler*
- *euclid*

*ou=scientists,dc=example,dc=com*

- *einstein*
- *newton*
- *galieleo*
- *tesla*

![](https://www.forumsys.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/LDAP-Users1-1.png)
The list of users and groups available are displayed above.  For
searching, editing and maintaining your own LDAP server, or for
connecting to this Online Test LDAP instance, we recommend  [Apache
Directory Studio](https://directory.apache.org/studio/).
